Disable custom auto_id_cache on tidb-serverless 6.5 (#14567)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features.md

[^10]: TiDB Serverless enforces strong password policy.

[^11]: The variable is read-only on TiDB Serverless.

> [^12]: Custom [AUTO_ID_CACHE](/auto-increment.md#cache-size-control) is temorarily unavailable on TiDB Serverless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^12]: Customizing cache size using [`AUTO_ID_CACHE`](/auto-increment.md#cache-size-control) is temorarily unavailable on TiDB Serverless.
```

> [^12]: Customizing cache size using [`AUTO_ID_CACHE`](/auto-increment.md#cache-size-control) is temorarily unavailable on TiDB Serverless.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[^12]: Customizing cache size using [`AUTO_ID_CACHE`](/auto-increment.md#cache-size-control) is temporarily unavailable on TiDB Serverless.
```
